# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile app/requirements.in api/requirements.in jobs/requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r jobs/requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via -r app/requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
extra-streamlit-components==0.1.71
    # via -r app/requirements.in
fastapi==0.114.0
    # via -r api/requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.6
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.19.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.144.0
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via -r app/requirements.in
google-generativeai==0.7.2
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.38
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-experimental==0.0.65
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   -r app/requirements.in
langchain-google-genai==1.0.10
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.1.3
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   -r app/requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.2.19
    # via -r app/requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==1.0.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.116
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.6.3
    # via altair
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
ollama==0.3.2
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.44.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via streamlit
pillow==10.4.0
    # via streamlit
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
psycopg==3.2.1
    # via -r api/requirements.in
psycopg-pool==3.2.2
    # via -r api/requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r jobs/requirements.in
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   -r jobs/requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.3
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r app/requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
redis==5.0.8
    # via -r api/requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.7.24
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r jobs/requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.8.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   -r jobs/requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.38.5
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -r app/requirements.in
    #   extra-streamlit-components
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via -r api/requirements.in
yarl==1.11.0
    # via aiohttp
