# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile api/requirements.in -o api/requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.3.5
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r api/requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via -r api/requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.112.0
    # via -r api/requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
haystack-ai==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   haystack-experimental
    #   pgvector-haystack
haystack-experimental==0.1.1
    # via haystack-ai
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via haystack-ai
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.12
    # via langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.2.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.0.64
    # via -r api/requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via -r api/requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   langchain
langsmith==0.1.99
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lazy-imports==0.3.1
    # via haystack-ai
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via haystack-ai
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via haystack-ai
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
openai==1.40.6
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.3
    # via haystack-ai
pgvector==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   pgvector-haystack
pgvector-haystack==1.0.0
    # via -r api/requirements.in
posthog==3.6.6
    # via haystack-ai
psycopg==3.2.2
    # via pgvector-haystack
psycopg-binary==3.2.2
    # via psycopg
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r api/requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via -r api/requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via -r api/requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
redis==5.0.8
    # via -r api/requirements.in
regex==2024.7.24
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   posthog
    #   tiktoken
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   -r api/requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   haystack-ai
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.30.5
    # via -r api/requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
